comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/Login.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Login
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/RecipelistBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.RecipelistBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/Setting.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Setting
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Setting$1
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivityRecommendRecipeBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivityRecommendRecipeBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/MainActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$2
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$2$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$2$1$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$2$1$2
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$2$2
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$3
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$4
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$4$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$4$2
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$5
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$6
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.MainActivity$7
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ShoppinglistBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ShoppinglistBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/UpdateFoodBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.UpdateFoodBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/Register.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Register
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Register$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Register$1$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Register$1$2
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/Map/CustomInfoWindowAdapter.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Map.CustomInfoWindowAdapter
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/TopBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.TopBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivitySelectedRecipeBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivitySelectedRecipeBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/recipe/SpoonacularApi.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.SpoonacularApi
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/recipe/Ingredient.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.Ingredient
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/Tab1Binding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.Tab1Binding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/Tab2Binding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.Tab2Binding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivitySettingBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivitySettingBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivityItemListBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivityItemListBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/Tab3Binding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.Tab3Binding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/Map/MapsActivity.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Map.MapsActivity
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Map.MapsActivity$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Map.MapsActivity$1$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.Map.MapsActivity$2
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/adapter/itemAdapter.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.adapter.itemAdapter
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/CustomInfoWindowBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.CustomInfoWindowBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/AddFoodBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.AddFoodBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivityEditListBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivityEditListBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/recipe/SelectedRecipe.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.SelectedRecipe
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.SelectedRecipe$1
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/EditList.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.EditList
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.EditList$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.EditList$2
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.EditList$3
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.EditList$4
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/BuildConfig.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.BuildConfig
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/ShowProfile.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.ShowProfile
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.ShowProfile$1
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/recipe/Instruction.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.Instruction
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.Instruction$Step
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/FoodlistBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.FoodlistBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/BottomBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.BottomBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/recipe/Recipe.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.Recipe
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/adapter/DataCallBack.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.adapter.DataCallBack
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/RecipeDetailBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.RecipeDetailBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/AdapterListviewBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.AdapterListviewBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/Tab4Binding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.Tab4Binding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/databinding/ActivityShowProfileBinding.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.databinding.ActivityShowProfileBinding
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/recipe/RecipeCallBack.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.RecipeCallBack
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/recipe/RecommendRecipe.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.RecommendRecipe
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.RecommendRecipe$1
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.RecommendRecipe$2
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.RecommendRecipe$3
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.recipe.RecommendRecipe$4
comp5216/sydney/edu/fridgebutler/adapter/Item.java
 comp5216.sydney.edu.fridgebutler.adapter.Item
